Okay, let's go. First thing first, open
the editor. Go to games. Select as
template project name level anal system.
Let's create
uh first thing first, let's create
levels for the level analog system. Uh
first of all, let's create a basic
level.
Once it's created, go here and save this
level. Save current level level one LV
01.
Now let's go here to connect content
drawer. Select the level. Once it's
selected, press uh duplicate.
Okay. Uh for level is good.
Uh now save all.
After doing that we have to create our
main menu level selector UI. Go here and
go down user interface. Choose widget
blueprint. Once it's selected, choose
user widget. Now we have to rename new
widget. Level selector UI LV
selector
UI.
Double click.
Now make it like this.
Save all here. Search for overlay.
Want to add it in overlay. Drag this
overlay here. This is interface.
And now let's go here and add some
buttons in this overlay
and text. Button text.
Select this first button and go here to
the right corner.
Make it like this.
After that, drag it like this and select
the overlay and search for vertical box.
Drag it in the overlay.
Select the button and make it inside the
vertical box.
Select the vertical box and make it
here.
Now select the button
and make the button padding button.
Now let's duplicate this button. Select
the button. Ctrl Ctrl + V. Ctrl + V Ctrl
V.
Select the first one and go here. This
one level one
01 BT
text
level one
second button once it's selected let's
go here
Level
two.
This one selected. Level three.
Select the text and rename this one
level three.
Level four
button.
Click the text.
Now this is a resa
it data.
Okay, now let's select all of those.
Go here to the field,
select it, and go here
field data. Now let's add design for our
buttons. First of all, let's hit
compile.
Save all. Select the first level for
example and go to style here. Select the
normal.
Let's use a t like this.
Okay. After the normal, let's hover it.
And now once it's pressed,
it's become white.
Uh let's make it like this. I think this
color is good.
Uh okay. Select the button and return to
the normal. Go here. Set draw as rounded
box. Now it's good.
Drag the camera like this.
Okay. Okay. And let's change the design
of those buttons.
Now select the second first one. Go to
style.
Select copy. Select second one. Style.
Paste.
Do the same thing or for all of those
buttons except the final one.
Style. Paste it.
Okay. The final one. Go style and paste
it. And here and this normal. Let's
change it like this.
Okay. Let's go here and search now for a
text.
Drag this text directly in the overlay.
Once it's selected,
change the text level.
Select
select this text and go here in the
middle
and press here
trans translation
runs like this and go here to the Y axis
to 150.
It's good. Okay. 200
activate this one and change the size 15
for example.
I think this is good.
Okay. Now let's move to the button
functionality.
Select the first button.
Select this cursor and go down and click
it.
Okay, this is this first. But uh do the
same for the other one. Select this one.
Go down.
Clicked.
Third one.
Go down. Now clicked
designer
worth one
or down on clicked
designer
down on clicked.
I hit compile and save all. Okay. Thank
you guys for watching this all for this
video.
See you in the next video on add the
functionality as of those buttons.